Namo Buddha Shakyamuni.
Dear fellow practitioners,
I'm asking about how to resolve the issue of a family shrine.
Hello, Ms. Yen. My family has
had a family shrine for almost 5 years now.
Since we started,
many unfortunate things have happened to our family. Specifically, my
father suffered a stroke and is bedridden, and my younger brother
had an accident and lost his left leg.
My family has advised my mother to resolve the issue,
but she said that the masters said if we do,
someone in the family will die and the family will fall apart. I
've watched several of your videos about shrine worship and spirit
mediumship, and I've also watched a video of
Mrs. Kieu's family in Hung Yen who received your help. I have
great faith in you. Today, I'm sending
this question to you, hoping for your attention.
My family wants to resolve
this problem; what should we do?
Thank you very much. The fact that someone in the family
suffered a stroke and my younger brother had an accident and
lost his left leg is also a result of karma
from past lives,
including unwholesome actions and following false
doctrines.  Teaching according to wrong views leads to the
loss of blessings. Why is it said that one should follow wrong views?
What is right view? The
Dragon has already explained. Right view is cause and effect. Wrong view
has the perspective that whoever bestows
blessings upon you does so,
not through your own body, speech, and mind. That is wrong view. Right view is about cause and effect. But within the right view of cause and effect, why is there Buddha's protection? Buddha's protection is because your mind is in harmony with the mind of the
Buddhas. For example, if the Buddhas teach not to kill, then you do
n't
kill; if you don't steal, then you don't steal. That is, a good
mind resonates with the protection of the Buddhas. But your mind
resonates with evil beings, called
evil beings. Wrong view causes you to
encounter evil due to cause and effect, and now you pray to them, and you
encounter even worse consequences. Because of this,
your lies will
happen a lot, and you will suffer
karmic retribution. So, the matter of dispelling evil spirits is
simple. First, find a place where monks
practice pure meditation. First, you must
believe in the realm of spirits and ghosts.  Because cause and
effect are interconnected, the family must take refuge in the Three Jewels.
After taking refuge, the monks will come, or the monks
will allow the family to resolve the matter themselves. That is, the
monks will guide the family during the ceremony, stating, "
Today, we take refuge in the Three Jewels and have received
permission from the monks to reside here in
this place of practice. Therefore, we respectfully
follow the monks' teachings, reciting sutras,
repenting, and inviting the spirits whose
shrine we established due to wrong views.
These spirits have come to reside here in
our house. Now, following the true
Dharma, we recite sutras, repent, and make offerings to the
Three Jewels to dedicate the merit to them so they may receive blessings and go to the
temple to practice. After hearing the
sutras and Dharma, they may soon be liberated.
After that, we will recite sutras for a
while, then go to the temple to make
offerings and dedicate the
blessings to the spirits. After dedicating the blessings to the spirits, if
the monks allow us, we can dismantle the
shrine, or the monks will come to
our house to help us dismantle it.
The method is very simple;
that's all. It means abandoning wrong views and taking refuge in the Three Jewels.  The
Buddha, Dharma, and Sangha
protect the world, and we allow
those spirits to also rely on the Buddha, Dharma, and
Sangha, the Three Jewels. We and these spirits become fellow practitioners, cultivating together, abandoning evil, doing good, and following virtuous practices. Then, our family will easily dismantle the shrine. It's easy,
not difficult at all. Knowing this,
there are many things people
talk about, things that people say, that those
without spiritual power are easily
harmed and die. But rest
assured, what is spiritual power and
what is not? First,
you believe in karma; that is spiritual power. Second, you take refuge in the Three Jewels;
that is spiritual power. Third,
you are diligent in
believing in karma and firmly taking refuge; these three
spiritual powers will benefit you.
Fourth, you expose the truth,
that is, you convey the Buddha's teachings to
the realms of spirits according to the Dharma. That is,
I am offering to you, meaning I am not
interfering with your karma in an unreasonable way.
I am offering and dedicating the merit to you. Fourth,
I am creating good karma for you.  At
that time, nobody could do anything to me,
so I felt very at ease in the process of
dismantling the temple and everything else. It was
very natural, nothing to
worry about, I felt very at ease in
it. So, Buddhist followers of the
Golden Lord, just go to the temple, the
monks guide you, and then you do it at home. If the
monks come to your house to do it, you can invite them
to your house. And if the monks
guide you to do something, just follow their
instructions. You also make
offerings and do good deeds for the spirits and
chant the Repentance Sutra.
Oh
[music]